hello my good i'm completely sick and
don't be surprised my voice is very sitting
gathered at the hospital right now, these karoch
and so decided
spontaneously as always take off a long time
promised videos about foundation
Gerlen from me he goes alone
02 i'm claire
then this is just a fat moron
will not enter what will not enter means spf20 at
him which is very good as far as I am
I know mating therefore
properties and you chose as mating
here comes a bottle
she's a girl, we did not try inflicted
mean demonstrated
but it seems to me not a tonal basis
the color of society did not fit the effect of
it turns out really
rested person
well-groomed today, I'm kind of myself
spotted here at the same time and see with Eva
properties and possibilities and on the result
it will always inflict
then pause bring the rest
makeup and we will see the final result
it's like so how do you see fragrant
kaboom from this tonal framework garland
relic
so when demonstrating how he
liquid it is liquid enough
it seems as if not a little by little, and yet
that's how I'll take my love again
I'll ask you by the way
I have a little bit of it already, but I
I think it will not interfere with us normally
Apply 1 foundations nothing vytvorit
put on the face not leveling bass
Nothing today bend him long
go away but on the whole sky that's how you are
can see how the girl told me
what will it be with a pink hint that is
today it is a pity there is no place the day was chatting
his passion le bourgeois who
really yellowish
I put this tool I see too
some kind of discrepancy
then we have my well naturally when
completely applied to the face too
I see no such thing myself
6 Come and finger when fully
funds for not sat down then this of course
unnoticed
strongly the shortcomings you well, straight course
strongly here I was picking myself
basically the same is hiding
Now if you compare the droid which
i have some flaw
light skin turns out like great-grandfather
quite light tone namely in color to tone
skin will be like
pale hail dark turns out here neck
this
long
Well, at least glass cut 0 this course
under the tan everything is much better or his
most of my tonalnik auto testaments
in this situation, that's what we have
as you can see I was here irregularity
the redness is all gone
he absolutely does not require dusting
if you have dry skin it may be
something is somehow not very you all
because here he see not flicker
really matting about
deficiencies if they have any
peeling
will emphasize or not I do not know rely he
very nice so velvety
in general, so here you can
see the read that we did and
home gallend i am from the tonal basis of them
below or drinking from gerlen
remember this is the second shade very
displeased
this
media tonal tool keeps very
long and over 200 hours quite well
tonal tool behaves on the face i
I will not shoot today, something of
after a few hours can you
assure that she really bad skate want
emphasize the storm this tonalnik he is not
felt on the face not a mask not like that
I want to emphasize good shots
in tones
very much I do not know what's the matter maybe this is from
feeling well and that the weather from the weather was
conditions conditions there you are not sitting
work happens everything is fine and
stays all day is tonal
a tool that you seem to be pretty
suddenly you start anything fatty
not clear on the face means she is pleasant
not very tight and but she's good to anyone
skin imperfections men
such a velvety one for me how would
in this tool some advantages i hope i
I will remain in doubt when you
come to an end and then I will do it under
do n't try again so many thanks
that looked me I hope that something is clear
was my review purely visual i
I hope you can see the tank and the effect of
tonal means if you like
fingers up if i like better
pass and just from him
subscribe glad to all new
a subscriber except those with me
constantly thank you all for watching so far
until